hi I'm Megan and in light of the holiday
season we're going to talk about the
history of Christmas Christmas is
supposed to be the celebration of
Jesus's birth but was Jesus really born
on December 25th let's take a look the
New Testament gives no year or date to
Jesus's birth the earliest gospel
written about 65 seee
opens with Jesus's baptism as an adult
this means that early Christians had no
knowledge of Jesus's birth date or year
the closest we've gotten to knowing
Jesus's birth was determined by a man
named Dionysus as sofyan monk in Luke 3
1 through 23 it states that when Jesus
was thirty it was the fifteenth year of
Tiberius his reign so if Jesus was 30 in
Tiberius his reign that means he lived
15 years under the reign of Augustus
placing his birth 28 years into Augustus
as rain now Augustus occurring in 727
AUC which means Dionysus is placing
Jesus's birth at 7:54 AUC now with all
that in mind Luke 1 5 places Jesus's
birth under the days of Herod and Herod
died in 750 auc which places Jesus's
birth four years before Dionysus is
calculation so now that I've told you
that I'm going to tell you this an
anonymous document found in North Africa
written at about 243 seee places Jesus's
birth at the 28th of March and a Bishop
of Alexandria thought Jesus was born on
November 18th based on historical
documents another gentleman places
Jesus's birth at September 11th 3 BCE so
does anyone really know what Jesus's
birthday is now why do we celebrate
Christmas on December 25th Roman pagans
introduced a holiday called Saturn olla
which was a period of lawlessness
celebrated December 17th through the
25th during this period the courts are
closed in the law states that no one
could be punished for damage to property
or person during the celebration at the
beginning of a ceremony one person was
picked to be the Lord of misrule and at
the end of the ceremony December 25th
this person was executed the people
believe that they were destroying the
forces of evil
in the 4th century seee Christian
leaders supported the Saturn Elif
festival hoping to keep the pagan masses
with it Christian leaders successfully
converted many pagans to Christianity by
promising them that they could still
celebrate the Saturn Ella festival as
Christians now this posed a huge problem
there is nothing Christian about the
Saturn Ella festival so Christian
leaders named the conclusion of the
festival
December 25th as Jesus's birthday so
because of this merging the earliest
Christmases were celebrated by drinking
having sex and sitting naked in the
streets this is actually a precursor to
modern day Carolyn the early Christians
did not celebrate Christmas on December
25th thinking it was Jesus's birthday
but because the pagan and Christian
religions decided to merge because of
its pagan origins Christmas was banned
in Massachusetts between 1659 and 1681
however Christmas was and still is
celebrated by most Christians today so
in conclusion the most popular christmas
customs trees mistletoe presents and
even santa claus are modern-day
representations of the most depraved
pagan rituals ever celebrated in a
future video we're going to discuss the
letter version of christmas history
thank you for watching my video today
and I just wanted you guys to know how
much I love Christmas and I wish you all
a very happy Christmas and a new year
also please leave your comments rate my
video and subscribe to the channel
you
and